[docs] Fix multiple minor issues (#31178)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/metadata/getting-started.mdx

Before pushing the **store.config.json** to the app stores, you must upload a new binary of your app. For more information, see [uploading new binaries to stores](/submit/introduction/).

After the binary is submitted and processed, you can push the store config to the app stores.

## Upload the store config

> When you are satisfied with the **store.config.json** settings, you can send it to the app stores. To push the store config to the app stores, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
When you are satisfied with the **store.config.json** settings, you can push it to the app stores by running the following command:
```
